---
layout: post
title: Nintendo Alarmo
---

# The real Switch 2
I acquired a Nintendo Alarmo recently by means of a Christmas present. Here is my review of it.

The Alarmo is a very Nintendo-looking piece of kit - it has a white dial on top that also has a multicolour LED within it, and two other buttons for "back" and "inbox". It also has a motion sensor to track your sleep, not unlike Google's Nest Hub 2nd gen.

### The alarm
I must say that it is quite delightful to wake up to the mellow tones of the New Donk City festival from Mario Odyssey, or the dulcet chimes of Pikmin being plucked from the earth - you are able to choose a "scene" from one of many Nintendo Switch games, and have corresponding sounds all the way from your awakening, to Bowser's boss fight music when you've indulged in a lie-in.

The alarm disarms automatically upon leaving the bed, and subsequently plays a sound from the game you have chosen while the dial becomes pleasantly rainbow. The sensor range is unnervingly large, however - a chair almost directly behind the clock managed to convince the timepiece that I was giving in to the calls of the blanket, and returning to bed - hence triggering the Bowser sound effect, and turning the dial an alarming red.

### Other features
Not only can the chronograph in question wake one up, but it comes with a set of lighthearted features including hourly chimes - imagine 12 Mario Kart racers driving by at noon - and sleep sounds. These both change based on scene, for instance the sleep sound accompanying Mario Odyssey is the Moon Kingdom's lunar theme.

### The one problem
I have experienced one issue during use of the contraption - occasionally, it will abruptly halt its warbling and display an error code, which requests that I restart the clock. Upon doing so, I am greeted with a message asking me to contact Nintendo Support if the error occurs repeatedly. I did so, however the response I received was simply that if restarting would not resolve the matter, I was to send in the device for repair. For cost-related reasons, I do not plan on this however.
